---
category: "Experience" 
title: "Cloak"
sort: "E" 

date: "2022-10-13"
---

I almost approached this day by gathering up all my creative energies, putting on my cloak, displaying the wolf and lion inside of me.  

I can compare the difference between this and the alternative -  
To come in complete humility, to come as a lamb to slaughter, to come with nothing to prove, nothing to be,
This is the road less traveled by.  

It is only this option that the actual light of goodness might be honored and might descend onto me.
I would never choose the second option myself.
It is only in the face of a cost that is too great to take the chance,  
that this is the hand that I am forced to play. 

I'm not incidentally using the word cloak.  

People talk about the armor of God as Ephesians,  
but I have found the cross reference in Isaiah,  
which includes the missing cloak of zeal.  

> He put on righteousness like a breastplate, and the helmet of salvation on His head; 
He put on garments of vengeance and wrapped Himself in a cloak of zeal.

It's also worth noting that in Ephesians the one donning the armor might be a Christian Roman soldier,  
but the original context is that the main character here is God himself.  

> He saw that there was no man; He was amazed that there was no one to intercede. So His own arm brought salvation, and His own righteousness sustained Him.   
He put on righteousness like a breastplate, and the helmet of salvation on His head; He put on garments of vengeance and wrapped Himself in a cloak of zeal.  

To me this describes a phenomenon,  
That in the darkest dark,  
man completely gives up,  
And God takes notice,  
And it is in that moment that he intercedes.  

I feel that it is then no coincidence that only a few moments ago I wrote about those two options that I had available.
Note that I'm not talking metaphorically.  
The god I am speaking from is a latent power within you,  
Almost as though it is a sleeping you that if only it would wake up,   
It could help you.  
And this cannot be mistaken with man's dormant powers within him, 
These are not powers of man.  
Man is infinite and powerful in many regards,  
But he is from the dust of this dimension.  

The latent forces I speak of are not by the same laws of physics or rules or power levels or abilities.  
In other words, man can achieve the impossible through sheer will,  

but this God can cause miracles, restructure reality, events, it could cause any possibility. It's a different level of outcome.   

So to speak, an outside intelligence that has better information than what is known by the consciousness.