"The light shines in the darkness, 
And the darkness did not comprehend it."

Pretty much the darkness couldn't see the light :pog~3:

[9:42 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: Tonight was so powerful
[9:42 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: Today was
[9:42 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: This day was a day of destiny
[9:44 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: I got prayer from many powerful spiritual people 
I had darknesses cast out of me 
The holy spirit of peace descended on me and others. 

The experience is like a warm glow in the heart, a comfort and a serenity.
[9:44 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: I had been in states of torment throughout the last week.
[9:45 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: Lust haunted my consciousness. I want every beautiful woman I see, I desire them all, it becomes hell.
[9:45 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: In this moment I am free from desire
[9:47 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: In this moment I am filled with the presence of a supernatural loving force inside my chest, soft and comforting grace from a woman deeply in the spirit.
[9:47 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: I told her nothing,
But she began to tell me that I am to start a ministry and I've been resisting it.
[9:49 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: For a moment I am free of fears
[9:49 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: She also told me not to leave where I am
[9:50 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: Even as darkness approaches me there
[9:51 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: I can't live without this holy peace anymore
[9:51 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: I can't live in torment anymore either.
[9:52 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: There is also truly nothing to live for but a greater love.
[9:53 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: When I say a greater love I don't actually mean that it's simply better

I mean that my personal ideas and conclusions about what a perfect love might look like is destroyed completely in the face of an actual greater love
[9:58 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: I actually feel like a person right now.

It's not something that can be taught. It's an experience that can be accessed. 

In my model of reality, this is a force that is from the fifth dimension which has no separation or division of time and space, and is able to be accessed by this dimension if we look at the right angle. 
But this is still only a model that points to a phenomenon. 

The phenomenon is that you, feeling unworthy, receive a gift of compassion which you feel you do not deserve.
 In the face of this phenomenon, 
you become aware of a greater and beautiful possibility that if you were to look directly at it, 
It would cause you heartbreak instantly, 
Because you know instantly that there is a different possibility of all of your actions and that there is a meaningful action that means something priceless.
