On the surface it's these obvious things like receptivity, consciousness, 
but under the surface is a completely different state of affairs on a different obscure miniscule detail reality that would be difficult to capture 

There are so many factors
1. What I'm looking at 
2. What I'm feeling
3. Osho's heart melting voice 
4. An enthusiasm and interest 

But here on the miniscule game imagine that, 
I catch sight of this beauty, there is instant recognition when she walks into the room, 
She isn't just pretty. She isn't just hot. 
She's wearing beautiful earrings. 
Her makeup is almost shining yet subtle and natural.
Her movements are extremely feminine, 
My body is naturally powerfully affected by the presence of this person, 

But my conscious thought is on my own power and on her eyes 
In a way of a snapshot I feel like my eyes capture the sight of her eyes, 
A silent sort of dominance, 
(I don't expect that to make sense) 

And oh, there is her turning towards me with the awareness that oh, 
My eyes are asking, 
"Who is this great woman? From where does this power come? What kind of a woman is this?" 

And upon her is this reaction of unexpected shock, "who is this, that has just noticed me?" 
And she can see, 
That as I make contact with her now on the verbal level, 
I am almost singing positive radiance in my voice, 
In my voice it says how excited I am of this moment, how lucky am I, 

And here, her interest was sparked in me the instant there was the notice of being seen. 
Of course there's the surface level, looking at the person and not just her vessel, 
But there's also this unraveling of possibility, like, 
Hey, I'd like to look at all of your person, hey, I'd like to fuck your mind and see what other mysteries you are hiding in your beauty.
[3:49 PM]The Blessed 🧞✨: And now, engaged in conversation, 
there's a second show stopper. 
I actually turn the attention away from her a bit towards my own self respect when I notice that in her feminine presence, 
I'm remembering my sensitivity, I'm remembering really my femininity, my vulnerability, my feeling of safety and of softness, of much softness, 
And now I'm in that space, this space of the softness in my heart, 

And this is what I'm really after, this is what I've always been after, this is what it's all about, 
And really now, a moment ago it was about perceiving her beauty, 
but now she's really entered my sacred chambers and there's something in me precious that just came outside and there isn't a human monster on earth that would attack something that precious. 

And from this point the game is won. 
We aren't waiting for sex tonight. 
We aren't waiting for intimacy. 
There's no hope for it tonight.
We just had the intimacy, 
We just had the moment, 
It just happened, 
Neither of us can steal it away from the future because it has already transpired. 
The intimacy has been achieved, 
The only desire is more intimacy 


And this is where it's been so interesting is I had this happen twice yesterday, with the first woman saying how much she looks forward to conversing with me in the future, 
is that in both interactions there was a third party present.

---

And with the first woman, 
when the third party entered the space,
There was a dialogue on a deeper level, 
She says to him something like,
"Oh, hello there, you have come to meet us!" 
And his reply of course is something like,
"What are you talking about, I know you" 
To which I reply something like, 
"She wasn't talking about that"


Where I watched what she called out happen with my own eyes, 
I watched this usually pretty cold man who was standing around, 
I watched him feel our warmth and gravitate into our space and basically his inner child hover into that space, 

And who she said hello to was that inner child.

It's interesting because then our intimacy, happening right there in the broad of daylight, 
Was not inherently sexual,
And more interesting is that it may not be at all possessive.

But certainly, all parties involved in these interactions are walking away fulfilled to the brim and left radiating instead of more drained. 

The fulfillment is certainly the key here

I know the woman feels fulfilled as I do, 
But in my fulfillment, 
I cannot imagine more intimacy beyond that, 
I would certainly die, or cry out.

What of them? I imagine it's possible that their capacities for intimacy are a hundred levels beyond that

Maybe even infinite

This is dangerous 

---

I can only say two things here, 
1. There is a spiritual connection with every living person that has a soul if you look for it. 

2. With many people I seem to be emanating the actual feeling of familiarity, 
That is, when they notice my presence, it appears familiar to them. 

As I was writing this this was more confirmed to me as this guy was like,
"Oh hey, what's up dude" 

I guarantee I have never met that guy
But it was special
With her
Because
She wants to be seen for all that she could be
I want to see for all I could see
Our priority is greatness
Or the potential to be seen in a light
To have our worth appreciated
To be in a way, glorified
But in that moment is something more important than that potential
In that moment we shared in the sacred space and I will explain why the space was sacred and what made the treasures of our hearts come out
It is because
We were speaking in a high pitch, 
we were excited and full of hope, we were singing praises in our voices, 

Just as schoolteachers speak to children,

And this carried authority, 
Our adults established safety and control. 
We created the social conditions by force.

And in that space our precious hearts came out.

The important part here is this. 
The two characters in this story are superstars. 
I have not been the character of the superstar in my life. 
I was not the social all star. 

So what exactly is going on here. 

One, we have a mutual focus for showing our all star side of us, 
a common intention to help others and be the hero and the healer and the healthy and the strong and victorious and the warrior and the divine.

Two, there are many possibilities we could have gone from here.

I could have responded to her as I have ten thousand times with others,  show her my average self, show her my normal self.
That way, no risk, I can't get hurt. 

Or I could do what I've done a hundred  thousand times and ensure my safety, show her my timid self, show her my coward self, show her my awkwardness, or even show her my ego

A month ago I would have been so afraid of her beauty I would not have been able to speak to her
And there was so much intensity in that that she was fumbling over her anxiety while still holding onto her confidence when she gave me her card
-

Oh for the first meeting by the way, yes definitely spiritual connection. 

She's full of flaming passion nearly radiating fire, and brings out my fire, 
Someone said to me a few weeks ago, 
"Maybe she's your 'Twin Flame'"
I didn't get even get the joke at first